Update OSDK CLI ref for 4.7 (#29404)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-cli-reference-generate-bundle.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-cli-reference.adoc

[id="osdk-cli-reference-generate-bundle_{context}"]
= bundle

> The `generate bundle` subcommand generates a set of bundle manifests, metadata, and a `bundle.Dockerfile` file for your Operator project. Typically, the `generate kustomize manifests` subcommand would be run first to generate the input link:https://kustomize.io/[Kustomize] bases that are consumed by the `generate bundle` subcommand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `generate bundle` subcommand generates a set of bundle manifests, metadata, and a `bundle.Dockerfile` file for your Operator project. Typically, you run the `generate kustomize manifests` subcommand first to generate the input link:https://kustomize.io/[Kustomize] bases that are consumed by the `generate bundle` subcommand.
```

> ! consume verb
Do not use when a simpler term such as "use" is possible. "Consume" is acceptable when it is part of the
existing product terminology.

We'd been following the old guidance to use "consume" to mean "use up," so this instance might be fine. Please check.

.`generate bundle` flags
[options="header",cols="1,3"]
|===
|Flag |Description

|`--channels` (string)
|Comma-separated list of channels to which the bundle belongs. The default is `alpha`.

|`--crds-dir` (string)
|Root directory for `CustomResoureDefinition` manifests

|`--default-channel` (string)
|The default channel for the bundle

|`--deploy-dir` (string)

> |Root directory for Operator manifests, such as deployments and RBAC. This directory is different from the directory passed to the `--input-dir` flag.

Reviewer: "is different" or "must be different?"

|`-h`, `--help`
|Help for `generate bundle`

|`--input-dir` (string)

> |Directory from which to read an existing bundle. This directory is the parent of your bundle `manifests` directory and is different from the `--deploy-dir` directory.

Reviewer: "is different" or "must be different?"

|`--kustomize-dir` (string)
|Directory containing Kustomize bases and a `kustomization.yaml` file for bundle manifests. The default is `config/manifests`.

|`--manifests`
|Generate bundle manifests

|`--metadata`
|Generate bundle metadata and Dockerfile

|`--output-dir` (string)

> |Directory where to write the bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Directory to write the bundle to
```

|`--overwrite`
|Overwrite the bundle metadata and Dockerfile if they exist. The default is `true`.

|`--package` (string)
|Package name for the bundle

|`-q`, `--quiet`
|Run in quiet mode

|`--stdout`
|Write bundle manifest to standard out

|`--version` (string)

> |Semantic version of the Operator in the generated bundle. Set only when creating a new bundle or upgrading the Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Semantic version of the Operator in the generated bundle. Set only when creating a bundle or upgrading the Operator.
```
Generally, "create ... new" is redundant, but if there's nuance in this use of new, please keep it.
